Part 1: DeFi perceptions

1. How do you manage your personal assets? What percentage of them are
allocated to traditional trading markets and cryptocurrency trading markets, respectively?
a. Are there any reasons you have this specific allocation?
2. In terms of cryptocurrency markets, which one do you prefer, Centralized
Finance or Decentralized Finance trading?
a. You just said CeFi/DeFi trading, could you please explain why?

Part 2: DeFi risk awareness and mitigation

1. What factors influence your decision to become a user of a DeFi
application?
a. What do you think of applications with anonymous founders/celebrity
endorsements?
b. Do you check an application’s whitepaper/smart contract before using it?
2. Have you stopped using some DeFi applications, and why?
3. What kinds of risks do you think are associated with DeFi?
4. Regarding the risks you mentioned above, do you have any preventive
measures?
a. (if participants ask for a clarification of preventive measures) The preventive
measures are any actions that can mitigate risks and protect your assets.

Part 3: Responses to DeFi hacks/scams

1. Could you list some types of DeFi hacks or scams that you are aware of?
2. Have you experienced DeFi hacks or scams?
a. If yes, could you please share your story?
• How many times of incidents have you experienced?
• How and when did you know you were affected in that/each incident?
• How much did you lose due to that/each incident?
• What was the root cause of that/each incident?
b. If not, what factors do you think have protected you from such incidents?
3. (if the participant was a victim) Whom do you blame, the DeFi
developers, hackers/scammers, auditors, or yourself when you have fallen
victim?
4. (if the participant was a victim) What did you do after the hack/scam
incident happened?
5. (if the participant was a victim) Are you satisfied with the developers’
incident handling?
a. If yes, what did they do right?
b. If not, what aspects can they improve?
6. (if the participant was a victim) In your view, what are the impacts of DeFi
hacks/scams?
a. What are the impacts on the victims, developers, auditors, and the DeFi
community, respectively?
7. (if the participant was a victim) Has your belief in cryptocurrency and
DeFi changed after experiencing DeFi hacks/scams?
a. Could you please explain?
8. What actions do you think should be established or would be helpful against
DeFi hacks/scams?

Part 4: Attitude to DeFi regulation

1. What’s your opinion that some authorities, for example, the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, intend to put DeFi under regulations?
a. Are you in favor of it?
• If yes, who should regulate DeFi? What should those regulations be?
• If not, could you explain why?


