Part 1: Demographics

1. What is your age? [number entry]
2. What is your gender?
(a) Male; (b) Female; (c) Non-binary/third gender; (d) Prefer not to answer
3. What is the highest level of education you have completed?
(a) No schooling completed; (b) Less than high school; (c) High school/GED;
(d) College/bachelor’s degree/associate’s degree; (e) After bachelor’s
degree/master’s degree/professional degree (e.g., MD)/doctorate degree (PhD);
(f) Other: [free text]; (g) Prefer not to answer
4. What is your current occupation?
(a) Architecture and Engineering Occupations; (b) Arts, Design, Entertainment,
Sports, and Media Occupations; (c) Sales and Related Occupations; (d)
Business and Financial Operations Occupations; (e) Building and Grounds
Cleaning and Maintenance Occupations; (f) Management Occupations; (g)
Education, Training, and Library Occupations; (h) Personal Care and Service
Occupations; (i) Protective Service Occupations; (j) Computer and Mathematical
Occupations; (k) Life, Physical, and Social Science Occupations; (l)
Production Occupations; (m) Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Occupations;
(n) Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations; (o) Office and
Administrative Support Occupations; (p) Farming, Fishing, and Forestry
Occupations; (q) Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations; (r) Legal
Occupations; (s) Construction and Extraction Occupations; (t) Community
and Social Service Occupations; (u) Healthcare Support Occupations; (v)
Transportation and Materials Moving Occupations; (w) A student; (x) Retired;
(y) Out of work; (z) Unable to work; (aa) Other: [free text]; (ab) Prefer
not to answer
5. What was your total household income in USD before taxes during the
past 12 months?
(a) <$25k; (b) $25k-50k; (c) $50k-75k; (d) $75k-100k; (e) $100k-125k; (f)
$125k-150k; (g) $150k-175k; (h) $175k-200k; (i) >$200k; (j) Prefer not to
answer

Part 2: DeFi trading background

1. How long have you been trading cryptocurrency? (a. Enter your answer in
“years”, e.g., enter “1.5” for one and half a year.) [number entry]
2. What percentage of your financial assets are allocated in cryptocurrency?
(a. Enter your answer in “percentages”, e.g., enter “75” for allocating 75% of
your assets in the crypto; b. Enter “0” if you ever owned cryptocurrencies
but have sold them out, or their value has fallen to zero.) [number entry]
3. How long have you been trading cryptocurrency on DeFi? (a. Enter your
answer in “years”, e.g., enter “1.5” for one and half a year.) [number entry]
4. What percentage of your crypto assets are allocated in DeFi? (a. Enter
your answer in “percentages”, e.g., enter “75” for allocating 75% of your
crypto assets in DeFi; b. Enter “0” if used DeFi before but currently do not
have any assets allocated in DeFi, or their value has fallen to zero.) [number
entry]
5. What DeFi protocols (https://defillama.com/categories) have you used on Ethereum?
Please select all that apply.
(a) Decentralized exchanges - protocols where you can swap cryptocurrency;
(b) Lending/Yield farming - protocols that allow you to lend assets and receive
rewards; (c) Borrowing/Flashloans - protocols that allow you to borrow assets;
(d) Yield aggregator - protocols that aggregate yield from diverse protocols;
(e) Staking - protocols that allow you to stake assets in exchange for rewards;
(f) Bridges - protocols that bridge tokens from one blockchain to another; (g)
Privacy - protocols that hide information about transactions; (h) Derivatives -
protocols that track or provide exposure to an underlying asset; (i) Insurance
- protocols that are designed to provide monetary protections; (j) Payments -
protocols that facilitate payments in crypto, e.g., stream recurring salaries;
(k) Gaming - protocols that have gaming components; (l) Other: [free text];
(m) I have never used DeFi protocols on Ethereum

Part 3: DeFi perceptions

This section’s questions are asked in the context of exchange platforms and
lending platforms, respectively. We show the exchange questions only for
simplicity.
1. What are the love points for using DEX? Please select no more than three
love points and manually rank them from 1 to 3, where “1” represents the
most important love point. (a. You can set the same rank for two or three
options.)
(a) There is no KYC required; (b) Its decentralization nature; (c) It’s easy
to use; (d) Transaction fees are cheap; (e) Transactions are processed fast;
(f) It’s transparent; (g) I can earn more money; (h) It can be accessed easily;
(i) It has more opportunities; (j) It’s secure; (k) It has an active development
team; (l) High liquidity; (m) It has good documentation; (n) Other 1: [free
text]; (o) Other 2: [free text]; (p) Other 3: [free text]; (q) I don’t have love
points
2. What are the pain points for using DEX? Please select no more than three
pain points and manually rank them from 1 to 3, where “1” represents the
most important pain point. (a. You can set the same rank for two or three
options.)
(a) Mobile using is not good/no mobile support; (b) Lack of explanation
when transactions fail or don’t work as expected; (c) High slippage; (d)
Some tokens are not listed/lack of assets; (e) Fair hardware wallet support;
(f) Transaction fees are expensive; (g) Low liquidity; (h) Couldn’t see the
current safe gas allowance; (i) It has no fiat gate; (j) Steep learning curve; (k)
Low profit; (l) User interface is not designed well; (m) Security in general;
(n) Other 1: [free text]; (o) Other 2: [free text]; (p) Other 3: [free text]; (q) I
don’t have pain points
3. Rate DEX, CEX for cryptocurrencies and CEX for fiat currencies in terms
of the level of your “Preference”.
(a) Strongly unpreferred; (b) Unpreferred; (c) Neutral; (d) Preferred; (e)
Strongly preferred
4. How would you rate the “Security” of DEX, CEX for cryptocurrencies and
CEX for fiat currencies? (a. Security is the quality or state of being secure.)
(a) Very insecure; (b) Insecure; (c) Neutral; (d) Secure; (e) Very secure
5. Could you explain why you gave that score for the Security of DEX? [free
text]
6. How would you rate the “Usability” of DEX, CEX for cryptocurrencies
and CEX for fiat currencies? (a. Usability is the degree of ease with which
applications can be used to achieve required goals effectively and efficiently.)
(a) Very hard to use; (b) Hard to use; (c) Neutral; (d) Easy to use; (e) Very
easy to use
7. Could you explain why you gave that score for the Usability of DEX?
[free text]
8. How would you rate the “Transparency” of DEX, CEX for cryptocurrencies
and CEX for fiat currencies? (a. Transparency is the extent to which a
subject discloses business information, including operational and transactional
details, etc.)
(a) Very opaque; (b) Opaque; (c) Neutral; (d) Transparent; (e) Very transparent
9. How would you rate the “Trust” of DEX, CEX for cryptocurrencies and
CEX for fiat currencies? (a. Trust is the degree of confidence you place in a
subject.)
(a) Very untrustworthy; (b) Untrustworthy; (c) Neutral; (d) Trustworthy; (e)
Very trustworthy
10. What’s the color of the sky in the daytime?
(a) blue; (b) black; (c) red; (d) green; (e) yellow

Part 4: DeFi risk awareness and mitigation

1. What risks are you aware of in DeFi? Please select no more than three
concerning risks, and manually rank them from 1 to 3, where “1” represents
the biggest concern. (a. You can set the same rank for two or three options.)
(a) Financial risks (price changes due to volatility or liquidity); (b) Phishing
(social engineering attacks that trick you into giving over sensitive information);
(c) Smart contract exploitation (vulnerabilities in smart contracts are
exploited); (d) Rug-pull (the project team sells all of their holdings and leaves
the coin worthless); (e) Wallet dusting/Airdrop scam (scammers deposit an
amount of unknown coins into your wallet); (f) Regulatory uncertainty (possibility
of certain DeFi apps being regulated in the U.S.); (g) Theft of private
key (the private key securing smart contract or personal wallet is compromised);
(h) Instability of stablecoins (stablecoins may be de-pegged from
U.S. dollar); (i) Other 1: [free text]; (j) Other 2: [free text]; (k) Other 3: [free
text]; (l) I don’t think there are any risks
For each selected risk,
2. With respect to the concerning risk you selected: Risk Name, have you
adopted any preventive measure? Please select all that apply.
(a) I use a strategy that averages my buy-in price; (b) I do my own research;
(c) I audit smart contract myself; (d) I bookmark official sites and smart
contract addresses; (e) I regularly check and revoke token approvals; (f) I
store my crypto in several wallets; (g) I have cold/hardware wallets; (h) I use
a separate browser for my wallets; (i) I check crypto news almost daily; (j) I
only invest how much I am willing to lose; (k) I enable two-factor authentication
to secure my wallets; (l) I deal more with stablecoins; (m) Other: [free
text]; (n) I don’t have preventive measures to mitigate this risk; (o) I don’t
think there are preventive measures to mitigate this risk

Part 5: Experiences of DeFi hacks

DeFi hack, which is different from a DeFi scam, refers to the act of identifying
and then exploiting vulnerabilities in the DeFi domain. Common DeFi
hacks include unauthorized wallet access, protocol exploits, etc.
1. Have you experienced DeFi hack incidents? Please enter the number of
DeFi hack incidents that you have experienced. (a. Estimate a number if you
don’t remember exactly; b. Enter “0” if you believe you never experienced
DeFi hacks.) [number entry]
2. (if the number is greater than 0) Have you suffered financial loss from the
DeFi hack incidents you have experienced?
(a) Yes; (b) No; (c) I have no idea
3. (if the number is greater than 0) Has your belief or perception of DeFi
changed after experiencing the DeFi hack?
(a) Yes, it gets decreased; (b) No, it doesn’t change/even gets stronger; (c) I
have no idea
4. (if yes) Why does your belief or perception of DeFi get decreased after
DeFi hacks? Please select all that apply.
(a) I didn’t trust DeFi after the hack; (b) I found I didn’t know DeFi well; (c)
DeFi is not fully decentralized; (d) There are too many risks around DeFi;
(e) I could lose all my assets; (f) Other: [free text]
5. (if no) Why does your belief or perception of DeFi keep the same/even get
stronger after DeFi hacks? Please select all that apply.
(a) It was my fault, I could have been smarter; (b) I made more research after
the hack; (c) I am a full-time DeFi trader; (d) I am making profits regularly
from DeFi; (e) The technology outweighs the downside of hacks; (f) I can
use trustworthy DeFi apps; (g) It was a risk that I was willing to take; (h)
Other: [free text]
6. (if the number is greater than 0) Recall the most recent DeFi hack incident
that you experienced, what type of DeFi hack did it fall into?
(a) Price manipulation attack (hacker influences the token price and arbitrage
from it); (b) Re-entrancy attack (hacker constructs a malicious contract that
can re-enter the execution of the protocol smart contract); (c) Theft of private
key for my own wallets (my wallet private key is compromised); (d) Theft of
private key for protocol smart contract (the private key securing the protocol
smart contract is compromised); (e) Cross-chain bridge attack (hacker
exploits the vulnerability in the mechanisms transferring crypto between
blockchains); (f) Protocol front-end attack (hacker inserts his/her wallet address
on the protocol website); (g) Logic/code error attack (hacker exploits
the protocol vulnerability, e.g. design flaws and coding mistakes); (h) Other:
[free text]; (i) I have no idea
7. (if the number is greater than 0) Recall the most recent DeFi hack incident
that you experienced, whom do you want to blame? (a. Giving a higher number
to a party means that party should take more responsibility for having
made you a victim; b. The sum of the “blame” distribution must be 10.)
(a) Developer: [number entry]; (b) Hacker: [number entry]; (c) Auditor:
[number entry]; (d) Myself: [number entry]
8. (if the number is greater than 0) Recall the most recent DeFi hack incident
that you experienced, what did you do to try to mitigate further loss/recover
loss? Please select all that apply.
(a) I contacted developers, and they offered me compensations; (b) I contacted
developers, but no reply; (c) I contacted developers, and they said they
couldn’t help me; (d) I asked for authority/legal aid; (e) I immediately sold
out all the victim tokens; (f) I invested more in other DeFi protocols; (g) I
disconnected my wallet from every site; (h) I revoked every token approval
on my wallet; (i) Other: [free text]; (j) I actually did nothing but moved on
9. Which of the following is a vegetable?
(a) Egg; (b) Salmon; (c) Broccoli; (d) Milk; (e) Beef

Part 6: Experiences of DeFi scams

DeFi scam, which is different from a DeFi hack, refers to the act of tricking
users or pretending to be a valid app and then draining users’ assets. Common
DeFi scam includes depositing unknown coins into the victim’s wallet,
protocol getting rug-pulled, etc.
Questions 1-5 and 7-8 are the same questions asked in Part 5 but in the context
of DeFi scams.
6. (if the number is greater than 0) Recall the most recent DeFi scam incident
that you experienced, what type of DeFi scam did it fall into?
(a) Phishing (social engineering attacks that trick you into giving over sensitive
information); (b) Rug-pull (the project team sells all of their holdings and
leaves the coin worthless); (c) Wallet dusting/Airdrop scam (scammers deposit
an amount of unknown coins into your wallet); (d) Stablecoin meltdown
(stablecoin is de-pegged heavily from U.S. dollar and becomes worthless);
(e) Other: [free text]; (f) I have no idea

Part 7: Attitude to DeFi regulation

Some authorities in the U.S. (e.g., the Securities and Exchange Commission)
are making efforts to try to get DeFi platforms registered as broker-dealers
or under other proposed regulation laws.
1. Please select how much you agree or disagree with the following statement:
“I am in favor of DeFi being regulated by authorities.”
(a) Strongly disagree; (b) Somewhat disagree; (c) Neither agree nor disagree;
(d) Somewhat agree; (e) Strongly agree
2. For your reasons for objecting to DeFi regulation, please select all that
apply.
(a) I don’t think regulation will succeed; (b) Regulation will hinder innovation;
(c) Regulation will introduce taxation; (d) Code is law; (e) Nefarious
people can still find a way for malicious activities; (f) Other: [free text]; (g)
N/A: I don’t have any objection
3. For your reasons for supporting DeFi regulation, please select all that
apply.
(a) Users are less likely to lose money; (b) It can make DeFi a safe space;
(c) DeFi should not be the Wild West; (d) Nefarious people can get proper
punishment; (e) Other: [free text]; (f) N/A: I don’t have any agreement

